new(docs): dedicated rules contributing guide -> rules maturity definitions and rules acceptance criteria (#115)
falcosecurity/rules: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Falco's rules!

This repo contains a dedicated rules contributing guide that highlights the rules maturity framework definitions as well as the criteria for rules acceptance. This guide inherits from the general [contributing](https://github.com/falcosecurity/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.

All rules must be licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](./LICENSE).

**Table of Contents**

* [Rules Maturity Framework](#rules-maturity-framework)
* [Rules Acceptance Criteria](#rules-acceptance-criteria)

# Rules Maturity Framework

The rules maturity framework was introduced based on this [proposal](proposals/20230605-rules-adoption-management-maturity-framework.md). As specified in the tags section of the [Style Guide of Falco Rules](https://falco.org/docs/rules/style-guide/#tags), every rule upstreamed to The Falco Project must include a maturity level as its first tag.

> A new rule typically starts as `maturity_sandbo` and, in some cases, as `maturity_incubating`. However, it cannot immediately be at the `maturity_stable` level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new rule typically starts as `maturity_sandbox` and, in some cases, as `maturity_incubating`. However, it cannot immediately be at the `maturity_stable` level.
```

Only rules at the `maturity_stable` level are enabled by default.

Falco offers configurability through the [falco.yaml](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/blob/master/falco.yaml) file, enabling support for the unique use cases of adopters. This configurability allows adopters to determine which rules should be loaded based on tags and other properties of the rules.

## Maturity Levels

> The levels (the maturity tag must be the first Falco tag):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The levels (the maturity tag must be the first one in the rule's `tags` array):
```
